Seth Alan Coulter
sethac005@gmail.com
(808) 729-3729
14409 Norwood St
Overland Park, KS
Portfolio
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CANEPA AUTOMOTIVE
October 2023 – May 2024
Scotts Valley, California
Automotive Photographer, Exclusive Vehicle Documentation
Using my technical proficiency in a controlled photography studio to document 49 exclusive and/or historically
significant vehicles, showcasing my ability to highlight their unique features through compelling visual content.
My role encompasses a comprehensive suite of responsibiliDes that mirror the meDculousness and care
required in museum collecDons management and documentaDon.
Entrusted with the photography of excepDonally rare and valuable vehicles, which includes an experimental
prototype by McLaren notable vehicles from the Pininfarina museum, showcasing the ability to handle and
document high-value assets with precision and care.
Researched and verified provenance, historical significance, and technical specificaDons of rare and historically
important vehicles, collaboraDng with owners and experts to ensure data integrity. Developed experDse in
automoDve photography and research on-the-job, demonstraDng the ability to quickly master new technical and
historical subject maMer.
Documented over 60 historically significant and high-value vehicles, including rare prototypes and museum-
owned pieces, within a Dght Dmeframe, showcasing adaptability and experDse in capturing the essence of
unique objects.
Executed comprehensive photography workflows for each vehicle, ensuring accurate representaDon. This
included meDculous preparaDon, studio and natural light photography, adherence to strict metadata standards,
and publicaDon to digital plaQorms.
Took full responsibility for preparing each vehicle for photography, ensuring they were in prisDne condiDon and
meDculously avoiding any damage during the photographic process. This highlights a high level of responsibility
and the ability to preserve the integrity of valuable items, parallel to the care required for museum collecDons.
MICHAEL DESMOND PRODUCTIONS
March 2023 – September 2023
Los Angeles, California
Commercial Photography Assistant & Generative AI Design Support
Supervisor: Michael Desmond (916) 599 - 5068
Explored the potenDal of generaDve AI design for commercial photography projects. Demonstrated rapid
prototyping for concept development and image refinement while remaining mindful of ethical implicaDons
within the evolving industry.
Collaborated with Commercial Studio Photographer Michael Desmond on setup, lighting, and editing for high-profile
advertising campaigns.
Supported pre-production and visualization using with generative AI concept development for multiple Pepsi Co.
campaigns, including Back To NFL, Power of One, and Womens World Cup.
Pepsi Co. - Back To NFL : UnRetirement
Pepsi Co. - Power of One
Pepsi Co. - Womens World Cup
Pepsi Co. - Pop Corners : Breaking Bad
Circle K - A Day at Circle K
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT ( OREGON / WASHINGTON )
July 2022 - March 2023
Portland, Oregon
Public Affairs Specialist ( GS – 11 )
Supervisor: Don Manuszewski (210) 373 - 5981
Implemented advanced studio photography techniques in diverse settings, including challenging remote locations,
ensuring high-quality and visually captivating imagery. Conceptualized and designed a range of print materials,
including posters, graphics, books, and pamphlets, enhancing the organization’s branding and outreach.
DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY ( DPAA )
June 2017 – June 2021
Oahu, Hawaii
Mass Communication Specialist
Supervisor: Maj. Leah Ganoni (402) 427-4117
1st Place DMA Media Awards for Picture Story (2017) / 1st Place for Feature Photo (2019)
Detail-oriented photographer with a unique background in forensic documentation, multimedia production, and
client-focused visual content creation. Proven ability to capture, organize, and present sensitive materials with
accuracy and discretion. Contributing to a dynamic team where my skills aided in investigation and visually
communicating the DPAA mission.
Meticulously documented sensitive excavation sites and evidentiary materials using specialized forensic photography
skills for each aspect of an excavation. These included the documentation of site excavations, osseous material and
evidentiary material, as well as the use of specialized tools ensuring accurate representation for forensic analysis and
potential legal use.
Collaborated with forensic anthropologists, archaeologists, and other specialists to ensure photographic
documentation aligned with project objectives and scientific requirements.
Operated effectively in diverse field environments, adapting lighting and photographic techniques to capture clear
images under challenging conditions
Directed cross-functional teams in the timely completion of complex projects, ensuring adherence to guidelines and
optimizing workflow. Implemented a comprehensive rebranding initiative, resulting in enhanced visual identity and
cost savings.
Strategic communicator and project manager with proven success in international media relations, crisis
communication, and community outreach. Built strong relationships with diverse stakeholders to advance
organizational goals.
EDUCATION
2021-2022 | 2023-2024 | 2024-Present
FOOTHILL COMMUNITY COLLEGE Bachelors in Still Photography / Graphics and Interactive Design
Coursework in editing, studio photography, multi-cultural photography, graphics, and Ai integrations
SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY - NEWHOUSE SCHOOL OF PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS 2017-2018
Military Photojournalism Program
Over a 10-month period - Completed 30 college credits of coursework in communications, photojournalism,
photography, broadcast and digital journalism, design, sound, and documentary production.
ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS AWARDS
1st Place – Magazine Cover
5th place – General News Photo